README.md, before:

# Comics by Fien De Doncker

Welcome!  
Here I share a selection of my science and storytelling comics.

Please ask me before sharing these elsewhere.  
📩 Contact: fien.a.c.de.doncker[at]gmail.com  


You can click on the sub-folders (blue titles below) to discover the different comics and to download them.



---

## Explore the collections

### [**Figure 1A 2025**](./Figure%201A%202025)
*Winner of the jury award (both comics) – Figure 1A Sci-Art Competition 2025*  
Silent Robber: Visual reflections on glacial erosion, landscapes, and the stories hidden beneath the ice.  
Borrowed Shade: Urban heat islands and social inequalities.

|Silent Robber | Borrowed Shade |
|:--:|:--:|
| <img src="Figure%201A%202025/SilentRobber_lowres.jpg" width="300"> | <img src="Figure%201A%202025/BorrowedShade_lowres.jpg" width="300"> |

---

### [**No Plane Adventures**](./No%20Plane%20Adventures)
A series of short comics from my travels without taking the airplane.  

| Preview Morocco |
|:--:|
| <img src="No%20Plane%20Adventures/maroc_ENG.png" width="300"> |

---

### [**OtherComics**](./Other%20comics)
A collection of standalone stories.  

- **Another one breathes the dust**: op-ed for REVOLVE - social inequalities in car-related emissions and vulnerabilities in Geneva  
- **Summer Palimpsest**: overflowing with emotions 
- **When the pain takes over**: introspection and resilience  
- **al-Ard (فلسطين)**: reflections on land, loss, and solidarity  
- **Line 3 replacement**: a story of water protectors and care for Earth  

| Another one breathes the dust|
|:--:|
| <img src="Other%20comics/6t_REVOLVE.png" width="300"> |

---

## About this repository
This portfolio is a growing collection of my comics at the intersection of science, art, and storytelling.  
Each piece aims to make the invisible visible, from glacial landscapes to inner emotional terrains.  

Feel free to browse the folders above or download individual comics for personal reading.  
If you’d like to collaborate or feature my work, please get in touch.

---

*“Art touches, science enlightens, together they can lead to action.”*

Commit message:

Added comic about Nzoy
Systemic police violence in Switzerland
Updated readme to showcase this new 1-page comic

README.md, after:

# Comics by Fien De Doncker

Welcome!  
Here I share a selection of my science and storytelling comics.

Please ask me before sharing these elsewhere.  
📩 Contact: fien.a.c.de.doncker[at]gmail.com  


You can click on the sub-folders (blue titles below) to discover the different comics and to download them.



---

## Explore the collections

### [**Figure 1A 2025**](./Figure%201A%202025)
*Winner of the jury award (both comics) – Figure 1A Sci-Art Competition 2025*  
Silent Robber: Visual reflections on glacial erosion, landscapes, and the stories hidden beneath the ice.  
Borrowed Shade: Urban heat islands and social inequalities.

|Silent Robber | Borrowed Shade |
|:--:|:--:|
| <img src="Figure%201A%202025/SilentRobber_lowres.jpg" width="300"> | <img src="Figure%201A%202025/BorrowedShade_lowres.jpg" width="300"> |

---

### [**No Plane Adventures**](./No%20Plane%20Adventures)
A series of short comics from my travels without taking the airplane.  

| Preview Morocco |
|:--:|
| <img src="No%20Plane%20Adventures/maroc_ENG.png" width="300"> |

---

### [**OtherComics**](./Other%20comics)
A collection of standalone stories.  

- **Othering**: comic inspired by the Border Forensics report on the structural inequalities behind swiss police-related deaths
- **Another one breathes the dust**: op-ed for REVOLVE - social inequalities in car-related emissions and vulnerabilities in Geneva  
- **Summer Palimpsest**: overflowing with emotions 
- **When the pain takes over**: introspection and resilience  
- **al-Ard (فلسطين)**: reflections on land, loss, and solidarity  
- **Line 3 replacement**: a story of water protectors and care for Earth  

|Othering | Another one breathes the dust |
|:--:|:--:|
| <img src="Other%20comics/BF_Nzoy.png" width="300"> | <img src="Other%20comics/6t_REVOLVE.png" width="300"> |

---

## About this repository
This portfolio is a growing collection of my comics at the intersection of science, art, and storytelling.  
Each piece aims to make the invisible visible.  

Feel free to browse the folders above or download individual comics for personal reading.  
If you’d like to collaborate or feature my work, please get in touch.

---

*“Art touches, science enlightens, together they can lead to action.”*
